hi I'm Paul Sherwin with the Durham
County Sheriff's Office here to explain
what you can expect when attending a
sheriff's property auction information
about upcoming auctions can be found
posted in the main lobby of the Durham
County Courthouse or on the sheriff's
office Facebook page when attending an
auction please assure that you arrive at
least 15 minutes prior to the posted
auction time
so you may sign in and take care of
other matters before the auction begins
unless otherwise noted on the auction
posting the majority of the sheriff's
property auctions are located at the
sheriff's training facility at the
intersection of redwood road and electra
road a few minutes prior to the
scheduled start time for the auction
deputies will present the vehicle or
other property to be auctioned and
prepare it for inspection then those in
attendance of the auction will be given
the opportunity to inspect the property
or the vehicle before bidding begins
when the inspection period concludes the
auction will begin shortly thereafter
let's have a look at the auction in
action this vehicle has been sold
pursuant to a writ of execution
it's see a CH vs. Robert Wright under by
virtue of a judgment execution the
issues by the above-named Court in the
above-entitled action on the 26th day of
July in 2012 director the undersigned
sheriff from the Superior Court of
Durham County I will offer sell to the
highest bidder for cash right here
whenever right title and interest the
judgment debtor owns or may own the fund
described personal property which is
subject to the sale earnest execution
this is a 2006 Chevrolet Impala DMV does
show a lien on it the lien researches
your responsibility
this property is currently being sold as
is the asking opening bid it's two
thousand five hundred thirty four
dollars sixty nine cent Israeli $2,500
bid there's not Israel opening bid
fifteen hundred two thousand two
thousand twenty to twenty five three
three thousand three once thirty one
thirty one thirty five thirty five plus
two bit now said if I dog to bid 35 once
twice it's yours 3500 plus 35 out to be
key is on the seat